[Music]
hi it's barley from basic of food and
I'm going to show you how to make a
basic vegetable soup so first things
first you try to splash of oil to your
pan then we're going to go in with our
base vegetables so I'm going to be
making a carrot and coriander soup so
the first things I need to do is I need
to sweat off from onions onion is going
to go into the pan so now we're going to
add our ginger our garlic and our spices
in this case I'm using some ground
coriander we just want to cook that out
for about another two minutes we're
going to add the main vegetables to our
soup so in this case I'm using some
carrots this could be some squash or
basically any kind of root vegetable you
wanted to now it's important that the
carrots or whatever vegetables you're
using all cut to the same size they cook
evenly and we're just going to stir it
once or twice and then we just got to
pour over our stock so you want stop
just a cover I'm using chicken stock
here so you can use any stock you want
obviously if you want to keep it such a
carrion use vegetable stock carrots had
about 15 minutes I can tell they're
really tender and starting to break down
for the types of season the soup we're
going to season with some pepper and
some salt I'm adding some creme fraiche
I really like the flavor it adds a
double cream or if you wanted to keep
the soup vegan you wouldn't have to add
any cream at all and once that's mixed
in the time to blend we've got a hand
blender turn off the heat now my top tip
for using a hand blender when you're
dealing with hot liquids to stop the
splashing back at you is to cover the
dish in the tea towel so tea towel over
the pan then we're just going to start
the pan blender when you're happy it's
not gonna splash back at you just remove
the tea towel and carry on blending
and once the soups of smoothies you want
it it's ready to serve
if the soups a little bit too thick
around a bit more stock and if it's a
bit too thin you can cook it down this
is absolutely perfect now I'm going to
garnish the soup with a bit of coriander
and a drop more creme fraiche because
that's what's gone into it that's how
you make a basic vegetable soup from BBC
good food
[Music]